Now let's talk about how we deal with partially
done work at the end of a sprint.
At the end of a sprint, every story should be done.
Certainly, that is our goal.
Partially completed stories should be rare and for the
reasons we discussed earlier in this course.
But if you have partially completed stories, what do you do?
Here are some options.
Delete the code for unfinished stories, and deliver only what is done.
Remember, timeboxing limits the project scope,
but should not ever compromise quality.
You might be deleting code,
but you are not deleting what you learned since that will
stay with the team for the next sprint.
Don't let that partial code become technical debt.
That will only cause more trouble downstream as we discussed.
Lastly,
maybe leave partial stories in the code base if you're going
to work on it in the very next sprint.
I think that'll work, but if you are not sure when,
if at all, you may work on it,
it is best to just remove the partially completed stories from the code base. That'll keep everything nice and clean.